ascii_menu = true
bold_labels = false
bold_cursor = true
ignore_case = true
ignore_lower_case = false
no_cursor = false
no_sound = true
no_mouse = false
less_status_bar = true
no_highlight_search = false
no_highlight_lines = false
force_uniborder = true
show_rownum = true
without_commandbar = false
without_topbar = true
vertical_cursor = true
on_sigint_exit = true
no_sigint_search_reset = false
double_header = false
quit_on_f3 = false
pgcli_fix = false
xterm_mouse_mode = true
show_scrollbar = true
menu_always = true
empty_string_is_null = true
last_row_search = true
progressive_load_mode = true
highlight_odd_rec = false
hide_header_line = false
on_exit_reset = false
on_exit_clean = false
on_exit_erase_line = false
on_exit_sgr0 = false
direct_color = false
theme = 0
border_type = 2
default_clipboard_format = 0
clipboard_app = 0
hist_size = 500
esc_delay = -1
